[release] Announcement of 1.5.1.Final (#673)
debezium/debezium.github.io: _posts/2021-05-27-debezium-1-5-1-final-released.adoc

---
layout: post
title:  Debezium 1.5.1.Final Released
date:   2021-05-27
tags: [ releases, mysql, postgres, sqlserver, cassandra, oracle, db2, vitess, outbox ]
author: jpechane
---

Let me announce the bugfix release of Debezium 1.5, *1.5.1.Final*!

This release fixes a small set of issues discovered since the original release and few improvements into the documentation.

+++<!-- more -->+++

> The two most important fixes in this release are related to MySQL database history that can get potentially corrupted under the unfavourable set of conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The two most important fixes in this release are related to the MySQL database history that can get potentially corrupted under an unfavorable set of conditions.
```

> If you execute a `DROP TABLE` command and the affected table contains dashes then the resulting statement cannot be parsed (https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ-3485[DBZ-3485]).
> `RENAME TABLE` statement that contains more than one table can be stored incompletely (https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ-3399[DBZ-3399]).
> Both issues were introduced during the rewrite of MySQL connector and were not covered by integration tests.
> 
> We strongly recommend upgrading to 1.5.1.Final before you hit these issues.
> 
> If you are already affected then the easiest way to recover from the error situation is using a new topic (o dropping the old one) for database history and execute `schema_only_recovery` snapshot.
> We apologize for the potential inconvenience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* If you execute a `DROP TABLE` command and the affected table's name contains dashes, then the resulting statement cannot be parsed (https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ-3485[DBZ-3485])
* `RENAME TABLE` statements that contains more than one table can be stored incompletely (https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ-3399[DBZ-3399]).

Both issues were introduced during the rewrite of MySQL connector and were not covered by integration tests.

We strongly recommend upgrading to 1.5.1.Final before you hit these issues.
If you are already affected, then the easiest way to recover from the error situation is using a new topic (or dropping the old one) for the database history and execute a `schema_only_recovery` snapshot.
We apologize for the potential inconvenience.
```
